# latex-course-2022
This repository contains .md file, presentation and document, made on Latex via Overleaf by Elizaveta K.

The Latex course has been completed, the story of the work done will be described in this report.
The very first and potential acquaintance with Latex began in those moments when my classmates told me that almost all homework was written in it. Then I thought how cool it is to do such neat and clear homework. Then I began to notice that not only students use such a wonderful platform, but also teachers - whether it's a simple homework or a test, a syllabus or a presentation. Interest in how all the same work is done, on the trick of which high-quality and accurate documents and presentations in PDF format are obtained, prompted me to choose this mini-course in the summer. The mini-course is called "".
In this part of the report, I will describe the main points and tips on how to work with this platform for beginners in order to understand all the details and features.
To begin with, I recommend starting by exploring the Overleaf website. This is a fairly high-quality platform for working with and studying all the features of Latex. It includes fourteen different modules, for example: LaTeX Basics, Mathematics, Figures and tables, Presentations, Field specific and so on. Moreover, there is even an opportunity to get acquainted with Latex in 30 minutes.
After getting acquainted with this platform, I suggest starting a practice, namely, creating some kind of official document, for example: a scientific article, a project report or an article. Why an official document? Because the creation of such a document covers most of the main functions of LaTeX. Next thing to do is to create new project(blank project). Once you have created new project, let start with deciding a document class using \documentclass function. Atricle, report, letter and many other classes can be used. More information about it can be found via Overleaf. As every official document contains title page, your practice should begin with it. Learn the details of creation and formatting and start coding. After that, table ob contents is reccomended to be realised. Find more information about realisation, use \tableofcontents function. The main thing to suggest here is to not write all the text in main.tex, but to create new file per each part of table of contents and include them usinf \input function. This will greatly simplify the work and the code will look neat and clear.
Further actions are chosen by an trainee. However, main things are recommented: try to work with tables and their formatting; insert images and work with their position; realise several interesting types of charts, for example bar charts and pie plots; try different formats of quotes and footnotes. It is neccesary 
